---
title: Get inspired
permalink: /your-ideas/get-inspired/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4>Need inspiration?</h4><p>Here are a few tips to get your creative juices flowing!</p><p>Tip #1: Think about everyday life</p><p>Find inspiration in your own experiences. What problems have you faced that turned into funny or interesting moments, and what lesson did you learn from it? If it’s happened to you, chances are, someone else will relate to it and learn something from it too!</p><p>Tip #2: Give it a funny twist</p><p>Here are some simple ways to inject more humour into your story!</p><p>Use visual humour: Funny facial expressions and exaggerated body language work really well in comics. Showing your characters in motion, like running or kicking a football, also makes your scenes more dynamic, not to mention more fun to draw!</p><p>Use wordplay and puns: Playful language can add an extra layer of humor to the dialogue or captions.</p><p>Build up to a powerful punchline: Your final panel is the most important, because it contains the twist in the tale. This could be a witty comment, a surprising event, or a clever resolution that brings your story full circle.</p><p>Tip #3: Add that special Yummy Buddies’ flavour</p><p>Bouncy is springy and curious, while Flip is flat and impulsive. Merry loves competition, while Wata prefers peace and harmony. Can you find ways for them and the other Yummy Buddies to show off their special traits?</p><p>Read the creators’ notes for these Yummy Buddies stories to learn how they developed their ideas!</p><p>[The crow] Creators’ notes:</p><p>This strip was inspired by the spate of crow attacks in February 2023. We did some research and learned that crows are able to recognise human faces. Since Pok Pok enjoys arts and crafts, we made her the main character, and her creative solution to the crow problem made for a strong punchline!</p><p>[What the wifi] Creators’ notes:</p><p>This strip shows off the Yummy Buddies’ characters well. We see Ms. G planning interesting lessons for her students, and also how Poodle needs a strong wi-fi signal to be an effective assistant to her. In the last two panels, we see how Bouncy and Merry’s playfulness is the unexpected cause of Poodle’s problems. There’s also an important safety message at the end, delivered by the peace-loving Wata.</p><p>[Keeping up with technology] Creators’ notes:</p><p>One day, while watching her dog run away from her robot vacuum cleaner, our writer suddenly wondered, What if the dog could understand how harmless (and helpful!) the vacuum cleaner actually was? This became the inspiration for this strip. Coco, who constantly seeks new knowledge, was the perfect character to teach his friends about being open to new ideas.</p><p></p>