---
title: Get inspired
permalink: /your-ideas/get-inspired/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4>Need inspiration?</h4><p>Here are a few tips to get your creative juices flowing!</p><p><strong>Tip #1: Think about everyday life</strong></p><p>Find inspiration in your own experiences. What problems have you faced that turned into funny or interesting moments, and what lesson did you learn from it? If it’s happened to you, chances are, someone else will relate to it and learn something from it too!</p><p><strong>Tip #2: Make it funny</strong></p><p>What’s a comic strip without humour? Here are some simple ways to make your reader chuckle:</p><ul><li><p><em>Use visual humour</em>: Exaggerated facial expressions and body language work really well in comics. Showing your characters in motion or engaged in an activity, also makes your scenes more dynamic, not to mention more fun to draw!</p></li><li><p><em>Use wordplay and puns: </em>Playful language can add an extra layer of humor to the dialogue or captions.</p></li><li><p><em>Finish strong</em>: The last few panels should reveal your comic strip’s underlying message and its punchline. This could be in the form of a witty comment, an unexpected reaction, or a clever resolution.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Tip #3: Add that special Yummy Buddies’ flavour</strong></p><p>Bouncy is springy and curious, while Flip is flat and impulsive. Merry loves competition, while Wata prefers peace and harmony. Can you find ways for them and the other Yummy Buddies to show off their special traits?</p><p>Read the creators’ notes for these Yummy Buddies stories to learn how they developed their ideas!</p><p></p>